oh I'm tired at the moment and thinking
of just the stress and the pressure and
you know it makes me even more emotional
when I look at them but if people just
don't fall in love with them and want to
help us to help them in the wild then
they're all there as media outlets from
across the country arrive the message
about Tiger Conservation has the
potential to reach an international
audience the tiger team want to keep the
stress levels low for the Cubs as it
could make or break the event with
everyone in place It's Showtime with our
very special guests as all eyes focus on
spot and stripe it's vital the Cubs stay
relaxed that's why they get used to
seeing so many cameras and one of you in
here
[Music]
the Cubs quickly gain confidence and
start posing for the cameras is he
strike and the other one over the other
side very spot we will be doing cub
encounters where it guests have the
opportunity to come in and meet the Cubs
and the good thing for us is not only is
that excellent conditioning and training
for the Tigers but ultimately that's
going to allow us to generate funds and
support for Tiger Conservation jars can
tell spot and striper relaxed and
invites the media to get their exclusive
[Music]
- very cute tiny thumbs and there's
something that the public will have the
opportunity to do as well it will be a
paid experience and all that money will
go to help Tiger Conservation the Cubs
should be on display for the next two
months after that they might be large
enough to join the other Tigers it went
really well in that the Cubs reacted
really well towards cameras there were
so many people in here but they weren't
really well they were wandering around
interacting with the media which would
the press gone the public flood in for
their first chance to see spot and
stripe the whole day so far has been
brilliant in the fact that we rock up in
those what must be at least 50 60 people
already here five minutes before they go
on display say it's been a really good
morning those images that they were
getting have the Cubs playing with each
other and interacting it should actually
go national and fingers crossed might
even start to get some exposure globally
as well which is great I don't care how
it's out there as long as we get it out
there
the Cubs will now spend their days in
the new enclosure the Knights will still
be spent with Giles and the family
[Music]